Update 3 example descriptions to newer format (#1560)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/aria-state-or-property-valid-value-6a7281.md

#### Passed Example 1

This `aria-required` attribute has a valid true/false value.

```html
<div role="textbox" aria-required="true" aria-label="A required textbox"></div>
```

#### Passed Example 2

This `aria-expanded` attribute has a valid true/false/undefined value.

```html
<div role="button" aria-expanded="undefined">A button</div>
```

#### Passed Example 3

> This `aria-pressed` attribute has a valid true/false/mixed/undefined value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `aria-pressed` attribute has a valid tristate value.
```
"tristate" is the correct ARIA term for this attribute: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/#aria-pressed

#### Passed Example 1

> This `aria-required` property has a valid true/false value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `aria-required` property has a valid [true/false](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.2/#valuetype_true-false) value.
```
